Set 300 years after the "Fall of Man", an event which eradicated the majority of the human race and introduced "The Dark Ones". 

The Dark Ones are tall and spindly humanoids that are completely covered in a black as night exoskeleton. They have an 
intelligence similar to a humans, but lack many of the planning and foresight humans have. On average they stand about 
6.5ft tall when at full height, but more commonly move along all fours on any surface, even ceilings. They have an 
insatiable bloodlust and appear to kill for sport as much as they kill to eat. They like hunting challenging prey, and 
thus humans have become their primary diet. They have been known to give up hunting humans if a more "interesting" 
prey is spotted, such as a big cat or a bear. Of the few recorded instances of Dark Ones fighting non human prey, it 
is concluded that larger predators are a fair match for them.

With these creatures roaming the wild, and few humans left, humanity has been forced to engineer away it's problems. 
Across the globe, numerous fortified cities have been constructed. One of the most famous and oldest ones is Haven, a 
massive tiered city built into a mountain side. Construction started early after the Fall of Man, before the Dark Ones 
became a serious threat. It was a largely military operation, with surviving soldiers overseeing and protecting 
workers constructing the great outer wall. Eventually the ammo ran out, and the tanks ran out of gas, and the troops 
ran out of rations. There was an uprising and the civilians who had become slaves took over the city, with historians 
still fuzzy on the fate of the soldiers. Over time Haven grew into a beacon of humanity and attracted people from all 
over the continent, leading to its rapid growth. All the while though, the threat caused by the Dark Ones was steadily 
growing, with a few attacks even managing to scale the outer walls, resulting in blood baths in which hundreds of 
civilians and guards died.

Haven was the first beacon city to implement the White Guard, a group of elite soldiers trained to hunt and kill the 
Dark Ones, as well as to scout the surrounding area for more materials and supplies. They are armed with the best 
weapons available, including firearms when applicable. They have extensive training in survival, hand to hand combat, 
archery, shooting, medical aid, literature, history, military tactics and many other schools of learning thought to 
be applicable to improve their lifespan. They are seen as the creme de la creme of soldiers, and to some even appear 
to be Gods. They are in fact human though, as can be seen by their high mortality rate. Over %75 of missions end with 
the death of one or more team members, and %20 of missions are never heard from again. 